SDK-1737: New Spryker Code Upgrader documentation (#1628)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/paas-plus/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/connect-spryker-code-upgrader-to-a-gitlab-managed-project.md

## Connect Spryker Code Upgrader using Spryker CI

1. In Spryker CI, go to **Projects**.
2. On the **Projects** page, select the **Spryker Upgrade Service** project.

![Spryker CI Projects](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/paas%2B/dev/onboarding-to-spryker-code-upgrader/how-to-connect-spryker-code-upgrader.md/spryker_ci_projects.png)

3. Go to **Code**.

![Spryker CI Code](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/paas%2B/dev/onboarding-to-spryker-code-upgrader/how-to-connect-spryker-code-upgrader.md/spryker_ci_code_page.png)

4. In the **Connect Git repository** pane, for **GIT HOSTING PROVIDER**, select **GitLab**.

5. For **ADD GITLAB INTEGRATION** select **+**.
    This opens GitLab in a new window.

![Spryker CI Code GitLab](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/paas%2B/dev/onboarding-to-spryker-code-upgrader/how-to-connect-spryker-code-upgrader.md/gitlab_code_add.png)

6. To authorize Buddy CI to access your account, click **Authorize**.

>     Your account should have administrator rights in the repository you want to connect.

Reviewer: ...in the repository you want to connect to.

* **write_repository** for Spryker Upgrader Service: grants read and write access to the repository to enable the Upgrader to create analyze the project and create PRs.

## Configure the connection in Spryker CI

1. In Spryker CI, go to **Projects**.
2. On the **Projects** page, select the **Spryker Upgrade Service** project.

![Spryker CI Projects](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/paas%2B/dev/onboarding-to-spryker-code-upgrader/how-to-connect-spryker-code-upgrader.md/spriker_ci_projects.png)

3. Go to **Integrations**.
4. On the **Integrations** page, click **New integration**.

![Spryker CI Integration](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/paas%2B/dev/onboarding-to-spryker-code-upgrader/how-to-connect-spryker-code-upgrader.md/spriker_ci_integration.png)

5. On the **New integration** page, click the **Git** tab.
6. Select **GitLab**.

![Spryker CI Integration GitLab](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/paas%2B/dev/onboarding-to-spryker-code-upgrader/how-to-connect-spryker-code-upgrader.md/spriker_ci_integration_gitlab.png)

> 4. Fill the form for new GitLab integration, select **Personal Access Token** as an authorization method, fill the form with required information and click "New integration" button when you will be ready. More information about how to generate the GitHub personal access token you can find in [GitLab documentation](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/profile/personal_access_tokens.html#create-a-personal-access-token).

Reviewer: As we used `**Entity**` style everywhere, I believe the `"New integration"` here, `"Code` and `"Gitlab"` below should use the same stile too.

---
title: Connect Spryker Code Upgrader to a GitLab managed project
description: Learn how to connect Spryker Code Upgrader to a GitLab managed project
template: howto-guide-template
---

> There are 2 options for connecting your GitHub repository to Spryker Upgrade Service in Spryker CI: with help of BuddyCI application or with the access token. You can select the option that is the most suitable for you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two options for connecting your GitHub repository to the Spryker Upgrade Service in Spryker CI. You can do this with the help of BuddyCI application, or with the access token. You can select the option that is the most suitable for you.
```
